docs: nodejs additional notes (#255)
zeabur/zeabur: docs/pages/guides/nodejs.en-US.mdx

```

You can find the complete sample code at [zeabur/expressjs-template](https://github.com/zeabur/expressjs-template) or modify the `scripts/build.js` script according to your needs.

> ## 额外注意事项

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Addditional Notes
1. The port to listen to should use `process.env.PORT`

>     For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:

```

    ```js
    const port = process.env.PORT || 3000
    // instead of const port = 3000
    ```

> 2. Avoid using nodemon as runtime, after development, switch to general node command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Avoid using nodemon as runtime. Execute your command with general `node` command in production.
```

>     For example, in package.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in `package.json`:

```
